Previously on The Big Bang Theory...
Hey, Stuart. What are you doing here?
- Oh, I'm living here again.
- Do Howard and Bernadette know?
Or is it like a possum in the walls
kind of thing?
No, I needed a place to stay and,
with the baby coming,
I figured they could use some extra help.
Hey, tomorrow, who wants to paint
the nursery?
I'll do it.
Why do you get to do it? I'm the artist.
Just because you're starving,
doesn't make you an artist.
Just because I look sickly,
doesn't mean I'm starving.
Howard! I think I'm in labor.
Whoa, whoa, okay.
Okay, uh, I can do this. We have a plan.
Somebody please tell me the plan.
- I'll get the hospital bag.
- I'll pull the van up.
- Meet you outside in two minutes.
- Team Baby, go!
Oh, man. This is really happening.
You doing okay?
Here comes another contraction.
Let's pick it up.
All right. Hold on, I'm going to drive
like we do in India.
Get out of the way, you syphilitic dogs!
Stop that, this isn't India.
Fine.
What do 1.3 billion people
know about having babies?
Sorry, I know you're just trying to help.
- I love you.
- I love you, too. We're good.
Amy? Wake up.
What's wrong?
It's midnight.
Happy birthday.
Sheldon.
Okay, you can have this back
in the morning.
All right. This is for you.
I was going to wrap it
but touching Scotch tape
gives me the heebie-jeebies.
I'll put it on the list
with peaches and felt.
What is this?
A functional MRI of my brain.
I did Sudoku before they took it
so I'd be ripped.
I love it, thank you.
And it's not just an MRI,
the orbitofrontal cortex is lit up
because I was thinking of you.
Sheldon.
We seem to be moving on to the annual
coitus portion
of your birthday festivities.
Is that okay?
I didn't put on my come-hither
plaid pj's for nothing.
You hate Scotch tape,
but you love Scotch plaid.
You are a mystery.
Guys, wake up.
Bernadette's having her baby.
Come on,
we're going to the hospital.
I guess we should stop.
I'm afraid so.
Childbirth, looming coitus?
It's a banner night for female genitals.
Now, I see three of you.
Do we know the father or is this
some Mamma Mia! nonsense?
I'm the father.
Okay, Dad,
how far apart are the contractions?
No idea, ask him.
Twelve minutes.
Twelve minutes? Why are you here?
Aren't we supposed to get here
an hour and a half early?
This is a hospital, not the airport.
I'm sorry, it's our first time.
Oh, it's okay.
This little one will be here
before you know it.
- Do we know what we're having?
- No, we're keeping it a surprise.
Old school, nice.
Eh. Not that old school, he knows.
You see, I was at the doctor's office,
the folder was right there,
so I took a peek.
And talking
like this doesn't make it less creepy.
Sweetheart, go home.
Come back when the contractions
are five minutes apart for an hour.
I'm sorry, that's ambiguous.
Is it five minutes apart
starting at the top of the hour
or five minutes apart
starting with the first contraction,
so essentially, like, 65 minutes?
I'm just throwing this out there,
but home births
are very popular these days.
Sheldon, what took you so long?
Wolowitz might hand out cigars.
I had to find my bubble gum cigar so
I could join in without looking foolish.
Damn, I need my inhaler.
- Just don't smoke.
- No, I went down the stairs too fast.
Hey.
Don't come to the hospital,
we're headed home.
That was fast,
did she sneeze the baby out?
We showed up too early.
We'll keep you posted.
Okay. Well,
we'll talk to you guys later. Bye.
She said not to come,
it's going to be a while.
Well, first deliveries can be slow.
I am starting to rethink the Flash onesie
I bought this kid.
I found it, but it's empty.
Well, it doesn't matter,
we're not going to the hospital now.
Are you sure?
I'd really like to.
Well, should we, uh,
head back up?
Come on, guys. We're all awake.
Why don't we go to a diner or something?
Oh, uh,
I don't know. Sheldon,
you don't want to do that, do you?
It doesn't matter what I want.
It's your birthday, you decide.
Oh, my God. It's your birthday.
Let's do something fun.
- Uh...
- Oh, we can go to a bar...
Well...
Okay, I can breathe again.
Babe, they want to have sex.
Oh, of course.
The annual birthday booty spectacular.
That's a bit childish, isn't it?
I'm sorry, and what flavor
is your bubble gum cigar?
Grape. I find it the most mild.
All right. Well, you two go have fun.
If we find my backup inhaler
maybe we can get frisky.
Oh, you sexy, wheezy, little man.
Do you really need to record this?
You'll be happy I did.
OKay, little one, here we are
back at home because you weren't
quite ready to come out yet.
You wanted to make an entrance, I get it.
And here's your daddy.
When he tries to tell you
he used to be cool,
you can see he wasn't.
All right, enough with the camera.
What? This is not for me,
this is for the baby.
Someday she's going to want to see this.
I'm sorry.
Who's going to want to see this?
I said "she"
but lots of things are she.
Boats, cars, whales. "Thar she blows!"
You're doing great.
Raj.
Okay. Uh, I'm going to sign off now,
this next part may contain
some adult language.
How could you?
We made it this far without knowing
and you ruined it.
Well, you guys have no idea how hard it is
to know something like this
and not say it.
You told me it was a girl
and I didn't say it.
Raj.
You were supposed to
keep that to yourself.
Oh, yeah. I guess it is hard.
So, where were we?
I believe we were kissing
like randy teenagers,
and your nose
was whistling ever so slightly.
- I'm sorry.
- Oh, don't be.
You were like a foxy teakettle.
Well, shall we start over?
Very well.
What's wrong?
I'm not sure.
Earlier tonight things began organically
and now it's feeling forced.
Like all the
Pirates of the Caribbean sequels.
Okay, that makes sense.
I mean, the mood's a little different now.
We don't have to rush.
Oh, I know, but Leonard and Penny
think we're doing it.
And I don't want to disappoint them.
And the mood continues to change.
No, and also
I don't want to disappoint you.
You know, come on, it's your birthday,
I can soldier through this.
Hold on.
I think I might have a little surprise
that might help
get things back on track.
Intriguing.
Is "back on track" a hint
that it has something to do with trains?
No.
Because if it did have to do with trains...
It's not about trains.
- Not even a cozy sleeper car...
- Stop talking about trains!
Who's killing the mood now?
Found the backup inhaler.
Want to have sex?
Well, I didn't until I heard that.
Hang on, I'm counting.
It's okay.
Hello,
Howard and Bernadette kicked me out
because I told them they're having a girl.
Oopsie, I did it again.
Maybe, if we're quiet, he'll go away.
You're going to have
to be quieter than that.
Can I look yet?
One second.
All right, you can open your eyes.
I thought I'd let Harry Potter
make things hotter.
Wowza.
I got a Gryffindor robe for you.
A Gryffindor sleeping with a Hufflepuff?
How scandalous.
You naughty girl.
You went to the Wizarding World theme park
without me.
I did, am I in trouble?
Yes, you're in trouble.
You went to Wizarding World without me.
Wait, wait, wait. What just happened?
You know I've been wanting to go.
Sheldon, do you really want to
argue with me on my birthday?
Um, you're right. I'm sorry.
Ooh, happy birthday to me.
Hello.
Is this about the baby?
No, people just keep kicking me out
everywhere I go.
Good, then you're used to this.
- Hey, Bernadette's water broke!
- Come on, everyone to the hospital!
You have got to be kidding me!
Just try to relax,
we'll be there any minute.
Stuart, stop driving like an old man,
speed it up a little.
I'm not an old man.
I just can't see at night.
Here comes another one.
Hey, squinty,
the gas pedal's on the right!
All right, hang on.
If you see any pedestrians
just call 'em out.
Howard and Bernadette's kid
might be born on your birthday.
How cool is that?
Yeah. But I thought this baby was supposed
to ruin their sex life, not mine.
This is not how I imagined this day going.
I should be with them right now.
Well, it is their child.
I know that. But, to be fair,
I've spent nine months helping Bernadette
get ready for this baby.
Howard spent five minutes conceiving it,
and I'm being generous.
Five minutes?
Oh, we must be doing it wrong.
Took us hours.
And the worst part is that
they kicked me out and let Stuart stay.
I understand, but this is a special day
for them.
Can you just try and let it go?
She's right.
Now, I just learned
Amy went to a theme park without me,
but I'm not going to ruin her birthday.
I'll wait and ruin 24 individual hours
sprinkled throughout the year.
Boop.
Deep breaths, slow breaths.
I'm so thirsty. Give me more ice chips.
Sorry.
I thought these were room ice chips.
I'll go get some more.
Uh, Stuart, while you're out there,
don't come back.
So, what are we going to name this kid?
Now that we know she's a girl,
it kind of ruins my plan
for Wally Wolowitz.
We could name her after your mom.
Debbie?
No, she hated that name.
Did she have a middle name?
Melvina.
Let's keep thinking.
It sucks that she's not here.
I know.
She would've been the best grandma.
She did always have candy in her pocket.
Yeah. I was
twenty years old before I figured out
Tootsie Rolls weren't naturally warm.
I didn't know her five minutes
and she asked
"Are you a Milky Way or a Snickers girl?"
Thank God you answered right,
we wouldn't be here today.
It's hard to believe
Howard's having a kid.
Yeah.
Penny, you're the one
who introduced him to Bernie.
How many times do I have to say I'm sorry?
And it's not just Howard and Bernadette.
Look how far we've all come.
You two got married.
Sheldon and I are living together.
But if my mom asks, we have bunk beds.
Penny was a struggling actress when we met
and now she's
a successful pharmaceutical rep.
You don't have to say struggling
every time, you can just say actress.
Howard went to space.
Bernadette got her doctorate.
Sheldon, Howard, and I are working with
the government on our quantum gyroscope.
We have all come a long way.
There's a lot to be proud of.
For God's sake, just drive in the knife,
why don't you?
- What's your problem?
- You're all thinking it.
I'm the only one who hasn't done
anything worthwhile.
I was not thinking it.
Although, now that you've point it out,
it is undeniable.
Raj, if it's any consolation,
I'm no better off
than I was 10 years ago.
Oh, yay.
I have a doctorate in astrophysics
and I'm every bit as awesome
as the pasty-faced owner
of a comic book store.
Raj, show some compassion.
Those are things that we think
but don't say.
Excuse me.
Sorry, Stuart.
Hey, I'm in a hospital
and I'm not the patient,
I'm fine.
Come on, Bernie. Breathe.
Remember what you learned
in birthing class.
I remember thinking "This is stupid,"
and I was right.
Do you want me to get the nurse?
No. If one more person puts
their fingers near my uterus
I'm going to cross my legs
and snap 'em off.
I've come to peace with my relationship
with my parents.
That was a big milestone for me.
Oh, speaking of personal growth.
I recently tried eating Swiss chard.
Now, I didn't swallow it,
but Amy said it counted.
- Hey.
You still a loser or did you
turn things around while you were gone?
You know, Raj, honey,
you're being too hard on yourself.
When I first met you,
you couldn't even talk to women.
You couldn't even talk
if one was in the room.
Great, now I can say things like,
"I can't believe
you're breaking up with me.
"Why are you breaking up with me?
"Yes, I'll still help you move."
Anyone else want to try?
Uh, yeah. I got something.
Raj, not everybody can be a dog owner.
Oh, what, did your doggie
break up with you, too?
Hey, I bought M&M's at the vending machine
and two bags came out.
I bought the first one, it didn't fall.
Here.
She's here, the baby's here.
Congratulations.
- How's Bernadette?
- Tired, but great. They're both great.
Does the baby have a name yet?
- We have named her Halley.
- Aw.
- Like Halley's comet.
- Exactly.
Also like the comet, Bernadette said
she's not going to have sex with me
for another 75 years.
That's not a real thing. He's just joking.
I'm going to get back.
Thank you for staying up.
I can't wait for Halley to meet her
new aunts and uncles
and godfather.
- Really?
- Of course.
You hear that, Stuart? I've got a dog
and a godchild, you have nothing!
Oh, look at all the babies.
Some will be successful.
Some may be homeless.
It's fun to think about.
I wonder which one's Halley.
It's kind of hard to see the names.
Mmm. That one kind of
looks like Bernadette.
They all look the same to me.
Guys, she's my goddaughter.
I think I'll know when I see her.
That one.
- Well, that was quite a day.
- It was.
Bernadette had her baby,
I made it to Wizarding World,
and now it is time
to complete your birthday celebration.
Hankius-Pankius.
I was afraid you'd be too tired.
Amy, I just saw a magic train
and reported somebody
for cutting the line.
If that's not foreplay,
I don't know what is.
English - SDH